Filepaths
The output of pwd is a filepath. A filepath is a string that describes the location of a file or directory on your computer. Yours should look something like this:

/Users/wagslane
Copy icon
The text might be different, but the structure should be the same. Let's break it down:

The first slash (/) represents the root directory. It's the tippy-top of the filesystem tree.
The next part (Users) is the name of a directory inside the root directory.
Finally, the last part (wagslane) is the name of a directory inside the Users directory.
So this path represents a directory 2 levels down from the root directory:

root
  └── Users
        └── wagslane
Copy icon

Assignment
Time to start digging for evidence. If you're on Windows, again, make sure you're in the Ubuntu (WSL) terminal.

Copy/paste and run the command below to download the worldbanc directory from GitHub. It contains files and directories that you'll need throughout this course. If prompted for a password, use the password for your machine's user account, or the one you used when setting up Ubuntu in WSL.
curl -L https://github.com/bootdotdev/worldbanc/archive/refs/heads/main.zip -o worldbanc.zip
unzip worldbanc.zip
rm worldbanc.zip
mv worldbanc-main worldbanc
sudo chown -R $(whoami) worldbanc
sudo chmod -R 755 worldbanc
Copy icon
We'll cover what these commands do later, if you run into an issue, see the troubleshooting tips below.

You should now have a worldbanc directory in your current working directory. When learning terminal commands in this course, it's possible to make a mistake and ruin your version of the worldbanc repo. If that happens, just come back to this lesson and download worldbanc again.

Run the "list" command to see the contents of your current working directory:
ls
Copy icon
You should see a worldbanc directory listed.

Run the "change directory" command to move into the worldbanc directory:
cd worldbanc
Copy icon
Use the ls command again to see the contents of the worldbanc directory. Paste the console output into the text field and submit your answer.
Troubleshooting
If you're having issues with the download due to curl or unzip not being installed on Ubuntu/WSL, you can install them with the following commands:

sudo apt install unzip
sudo apt install curl
Copy icon
Certain Windows versions may not let you paste into the Command Line. See how to enable ctrl+shift+v.