Grep
You might be used to nice graphical interfaces that allow you to search for text in files, usually with ctrl+f or cmd+f. But what about when you're working on a terminal?

As it turns out, once you're used to it, searching for text in files on a CLI can be much faster than using a GUI.

The grep Command
The grep command allows you to search for text in files. It has a ton of capability, and we'll only be scratching the surface of its true power.

Basic Usage
The most basic use for grep is to search for a string in a file. For example, if we wanted to search for the word "hello" in the file words.txt, we could run:

grep "hello" words.txt
Copy icon
This will print out every line in words.txt that contains the word "hello". It's a case-sensitive search, so it will only match "hello", not "Hello" or "HELLO".

Assignment
Applications often write their logs to files on disk. These logs can contain useful information about what the application is doing, and can also be used to debug problems. As a security auditor, you need to dig through these logs to find any evidence of suspicious activity.

Use the grep command to find any lines with the text "CRITICAL" (all caps) in the worldbanc/private/logs/2024-01-10.log file.

Paste the output of your grep command into the input field and submit it.

Tip
The tab key is your friend! If you start typing the name of a file or directory and then press tab, your shell will try to autocomplete the name for you. If there are multiple possible completions, it will show you a list of them. I rarely type out full file names, I type the first few characters and then press tab.

grep Multiple Files
You can also search multiple files at once. For example, if we wanted to search for the word "hello" in hello.txt and hello2.txt, we could run:

grep "hello" hello.txt hello2.txt
Copy icon
Recursive search
You can also search an entire directory, including all subdirectories. For example, to search for the word "hello" in the current directory and all subdirectories:

grep -r "hello" .
Copy icon
The . is a special alias for the current directory.

Assignment
Use the grep command to find all the lines with the text "CRITICAL" (all caps) in the worldbanc/private/logs directory.

Paste the output of your grep command into the input field and submit it.





